Mattvol4 (#118)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: digitalocean/help.md

# Description

[DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com) is a simple and robust cloud computing platform, designed for developers.

> This plugin allows the user to interact with their Digital Ocean account for managing their account, droplets, shapshots, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin allows the user to interact with their DigitalOcean account for managing their account, droplets, shapshots, and more.
```

# Key Features

* Manage droplets
* Manage snapshots

# Requirements

> * Requires an API Key from the DigitalOcean

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Requires an API Key from DigitalOcean
```
